Chocolate Chip Cookies,1/2 cup butter 1/2 cup granulated sugar 1/4 cup brown sugar packed 2 teaspoons vanilla extract 1 large egg 1 ¾ cups all-purpose flour¹ 1/2 teaspoon baking soda 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt2 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips,Step 1: Preheat the oven to 350 F. Step 2: Microwave the butter for about 40 seconds. Butter should be completely melted but shouldn't be hot. Step 3: In a large bowl  mix butter with the sugars until well-combined. Step 4: Stir in vanilla and egg until incorporated. Step 5: Add the flour  baking soda  and salt. Please read the recipe note about properly measuring flour.  Step 6: Mix dough until just combined. Dough should be soft and a little sticky but not overly sticky. Step 7: Stir in chocolate chips. Step 8: Scoop out 1.5 tablespoons of dough (medium cookie scoop) and place 2 inches apart on baking sheet. Step 9: Bake for 7-10 minutes  or until cookies are set. They will be puffy and still look a little underbaked in the middle.
Lemon Blueberry Muffins,½ cup butter at room temperature 1 tablespoon lemon zest 1 cup granulated sugar 1 large egg at room temperature 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 2 cups all-purpose flour divided 2 teaspoons baking powder ½ teaspoon salt 2 cups fresh blueberries ½ cup buttermilk at room temperature 2 tablespoons granulated sugar,Step 1: Preheat the oven to 375ºF. Grease or line a 12-cup muffin tin. Set aside. Step 2: In a large mixing bowl  beat the butter  lemon zest and sugar until well-combined. Step 3: Add the egg and vanilla and mix until well-combined  scraping down the sides as needed. Step 4: In a separate small bowl  toss the blueberries with ¼ cup of flour until the blueberries are coated. Step 5: Add the remaining 1 ¾ cups flour  baking powder  and salt to the batter. Step 6: Stir in just until mostly combined. Step 7: Add the buttermilk  and stir until the batter is combined. Don’t overmix. Step 8: Carefully fold in the blueberries. The batter will be thick. Step 9: Divide the batter among the prepared muffin tin cups. Step 10: Top the batter with the remaining 2 tablespoons of sugar. Bake for about 12-18 minutes  or until a toothpick inserted in the center of a muffin comes out clean (it may have blueberry on it  and that’s ok). Let muffins cool in the pan for 5 minutes before removing.
Homemade White Bread,1 ⅔ cups warm water 100-110F 2 ¼ teaspoons instant yeast 3 tablespoons honey 1 teaspoon salt 2 tablespoons butter at room temperature 4 ½ cups all-purpose flour 1 ½ tablespoons melted butter optional,Step 1: In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook combine the water  yeast  and honey. Step 2: Add salt  butter  and 3 cups flour to the bowl. Step 3: Continue to add in flour ¼ cup at a time until it forms a soft  sticky dough. You may not need to use all of the flour. Step 4: Knead on low for about 5 minutes  or until the dough clears the sides of the bowl and is soft and smooth. If the dough is too sticky  add the flour 1 tablespoon at time until it feels slightly sticky when you pinch it but doesn't come off on your fingers. Step 5: Cover with plastic wrap  and let rise in a warm spot for about 45 minutes or until doubled in size. Step 6: Turn the dough onto a lightly floured surface. Step 7: Divide it into two equally sized portions. Step 8: Gently pat each half into an 8×12 inch rectangle. Step 9: Starting at the short end  roll up the rectangle into a tight roll and pinch the seams to seal. Step 10: tuck the ends of the roll slightly underneath and place each loaf into a greased 8×4 inch loaf pan seam side down. Step 11: Cover with a greased piece of plastic wrap and let rise for about 45 minutes in a warm and spot until doubled in size. Step 12: Toward the end of the rising time  preheat oven to 400 F and adjust oven rack to lower-middle position. Step 13: Bake loaves for 20-25 minutes  or until until golden brown. They should sound hollow when thumped. Step 14: Let cool in pan for 5 minutes  and then remove to a wire rack to finish cooling. Step 15: Brush the loaves with melted butter  if desired.
Vegetable Soup,2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil 1 medium yellow onion  diced Sea salt and fresh black pepper 1 medium carrot  diced 1 small sweet potato  diced ¼ cup dry white wine  i.e.  pinot grigio 1 14.5-ounce can diced fire roasted tomatoes 4 garlic cloves  chopped 2 teaspoons dried oregano  or 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme or rosemary ¼ teaspoon red pepper flakes  more to taste 4 cups vegetable broth 2 bay leaves 1 cup halved cherry tomatoes 1 cup chopped green beans 1 zucchini  diced 1 15-ounce can chickpeas  drained and rinsed 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar 1½ cups chopped kale,Step 1: Heat the oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the onion  ½ teaspoon salt  and several grinds of pepper  and cook  stirring occasionally  for 8 minutes. Add the carrot and sweet potato  stir and cook 2 more minutes. Step 2: Add the wine and cook for about 30 seconds to reduce by half  then add the canned tomatoes  garlic  oregano  and red pepper flakes. Stir in the broth and bay leaves. Bring to a boil  then reduce the heat to a simmer and cook  covered  for 20 minutes. Step 3: Stir in the cherry tomatoes  green beans  zucchini  chickpeas  and cover and cook 10 to 15 more minutes  until the green beans are tender. Step 4: Stir in the vinegar kale an additional ½ teaspoon salt (or to taste) and more pepper.